[SRVLOGIC-469]: Deploying workflows chapter does not use kn worklow plugin (#85916)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-logic-deploying-workflows-dev-mode.adoc

* You have {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} installed on your cluster.
* You have access to a {ServerlessLogicProductName} project with the appropriate roles and permissions to create applications and other workloads in {ocp-product-title}.
* You have installed the {ServerlessLogicProductName} `kn-workflow` CLI plugin.
* You have installed the OpenShift CLI `(oc)`.

.Procedure

> . Login to your cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Login to your cluster.
```

* You have {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} installed on your cluster.
* You have access to a {ServerlessLogicProductName} project with the appropriate roles and permissions to create applications and other workloads in {ocp-product-title}.
* You have installed the {ServerlessLogicProductName} `kn-workflow` CLI plugin.
* You have installed the OpenShift CLI `(oc)`.

.Procedure

. Login to your cluster, by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc login --token=<your_token> --server=<your_clusters_server_url>
----

. Create a namespace in your cluster, by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create namespace <namespace>
----

. In your terminal, navigate to the root directory of your {ServerlessLogicProductName} project.

> . Deploy the application, by running the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Deploy the application by running the following command:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get sonataflows -n <namespace>
----

.. Find the pod of your application by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get pods -n <namespace>
----

.. View the workflow logs by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc logs <workflow_pod_name> -n <namespace>
----

> .Testing

Reviewer 2: Same thought re: non-standard heading for this `.Testing` one. This one feels like splitting it out as its own procedure would be worthwhile (versus including it within another procedure module).

Edit: I see now there already is a ["Testing a deployment"](https://85916--ocpdocs-pr.netlify.app/openshift-serverless/latest/serverless-logic/serverless-logic-getting-started/serverless-logic-deploying-workflows.html#serverless-logic-testing-workflows_serverless-logic-deploying-workflows) procedure later in the assembly. Is that basically the same procedure that's being shown here? If so, could there just be an "Additional resources" link to that procedure from this one instead of duplicating?

The {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} automatically generates a route for workflow deployments using the `dev` profile. To test your workflow, you can use management console that is accessible via the created route. The management console allows you execute the workflow and inspect executed the instances in detail.

. Access the management console by excuting following steps: 

.. Retrieve the public URL to access the workflow service by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get route/<workflow_name> -n <namespace>
----
+

> Note the value of `HOST/PORT` from the result of tis command, referenced as `<WORKFLOW_URL>` in next step.

Reviewer 2: Typo x2:
```suggestion
Note the value of `HOST/PORT` from the result of this command, referenced as `<WORKFLOW_URL>` in the next step.
```
Also, if `<WORKFLOW_URL>` only appears as part of this documentation / procedure, could it be lowercase like a normal user-replaceable? E.g.:
```suggestion
Note the value of `HOST/PORT` from the result of this command, referenced as `<workflow_url>` in the next step.
```
If it has meaning as all-cap outside of this procedure, however (like in output or the UI someplace), then ignore.

> .. Navigate to the `<WORKFLOW_URL>/q/dev-ui/org.apache.kie.sonataflow.sonataflow-quarkus-devui/workflows` in your browser. Please note that it may take some time until the management console is available. 

Reviewer 2: Re: previous comment, match lowercase here as well, if you change the other:
```suggestion
.. Navigate to the `<workflow_url>/q/dev-ui/org.apache.kie.sonataflow.sonataflow-quarkus-devui/workflows` in your browser. Please note that it may take some time until the management console is available. 
```

> .. Navigate to the `<WORKFLOW_URL>/q/dev-ui/org.apache.kie.sonataflow.sonataflow-quarkus-devui/workflows` in your browser. Please note that it may take some time until the management console is available. 

Reviewer 2: * Don't need "please", or maybe even "note".
* "might" instead of "may" (better for translation).
```suggestion
.. Navigate to the `<WORKFLOW_URL>/q/dev-ui/org.apache.kie.sonataflow.sonataflow-quarkus-devui/workflows` in your browser. It might take some time until the management console is available. 
```

> .Next steps

Reviewer 2: This single-step `.Next steps` procedure could probably just be absorbed into wherever the `.Testing` procedure above it ends up.
